# Bug-Bounty-project
Bug Bounty project for CSCE 5550 Group 14 and 5560 Sec002 Group 21 &amp; Sec 001 Group 10
We start our exploitation by scanning the number of open ports for connectivity and as well as the number of domains and subdomains shopify has, I developed a keen interest on shopify.com and shopifykloud.com. I used assetfinder public repo (can be accessed on GitHub) to find shopify wildcards and domains
This generated a list of shopifykloud.com domains below and throw them into a file containing 
domains using the “anew domains” code refer to video1 file. 
I further explored shopifykloud.com
However, quite interestingly a deeper look at line 17 for the Kubernetes, throws a 404 not found error, the question is why would a nginx server with no index, it should be serving something out.
For shopify.com, the below list of about 6136 domains containing wildcards (*) was generated, also refer to video1 provided for a full list. I later excluded the wildcards
Furthermore, I perform port scans and listening for port 80 using the httprobe bash command and burp suite with preference to secure https. Refer to video2 and 3 and screenshot on next  page.
For the GraphQL, Shopify has been porting much of the functionality from REST API, over to our newer and more flexible GraphQL API. The GraphQL API is a great area to focus on for bug bounty research, as there is new code added very frequently which is very easy to exploit focused on the queries and mutations that are used commonly in Shopify GraphQL Admin. The exploit attempts to make it easier to get started testing full API, and to help you use the schema to track down bugs in lesser-known areas. The APIs are mostly implemented on checkout and billing pages and sites. Our Json source codes are implemented on the introspection endpoint Ex.curl
Exploit from the app perception, we can take our api secret and make the below exploitation requests.
In order to gather more info about the schema in this case, you can use the same introspection endpoint with your app's API key, or just perform regular introspection queries. Ex. There are some Shopify apps that interact directly with or proxy requests straight through to the Shopify core GraphQL API. For these, the testing methodology is very similar to the Admin user perspective as described above. If you see queries on another endpoint that appear to be interacting with the Shopify core GraphQL API, you can get more information by requesting the schema from the introspection endpoint with the API key for that app. This value is typically visible in the parameters during the app's OAuth flow.
I further queried the shopify domain hosts and a total of more than 403,000 hosts were found.Performing XSS brute force on the type of files stored in these hosts using the type, body, and header structural format. Among the request results(4000 plus) generated nothing looked abnormal worth our further exploitation
However, we can further explore the shopify-stage: production to see if there are any further abnormalities. We discover the canary which is contrary to our shopify production environment requests.
A deeper look in the canary requests generates the below results.
Thus, I propose this could be a loophole than be exploited in the Https request environment.
In the next phase I fetch and look at shopify assets such as AWS keys, API keys, s3-buckets security, servers, URLs et cetera using the gf tool.
I developed interest to further exploit firebase under the pretext of user and pass@example.comwhich return null value indicating good security measure from the shopify team. A further ping on the servers generated something worth concern with a timing header, further exploration indicated its docs at shopify.
Thus docs.shopify.com seems a unique server for that case. It doesn’t have the x shopify as headers as seen on the others which as well do not have server timing header. This gives a redirect to help.shopify.com which I further explore as seen in video4 provided.
Using above source code, I explore the body contents of all html pages shopify has and pass out their title tags as shown in screenshot below with about 640 results being generated
